Adappt It
=========
Nowadays people access multiple different resources from their mobile devices: webpages, email, office documents… This has led to a problem: all these different resources have to get adapted to devices like smartphones or tablets, which have a much smaller screen than desktop computers. Most of them are not adapted to these new devices even if some others have been relatively successful in doing so, but many times not as well as users would like. This is the reason for Adappt it, a mobile application for Android that will allow displaying a remote resource, such as a webpage, adapted to a smartphone-like reduced screen, so that navigating through that resource becomes easier. What makes different this framework from a developer made simplified version of the resource, be it a mobile web or a smartphone app, is that the one choosing how to visualize it is the user. He or she will be able to create a small file that will act as a configuration for the mobile device, and this file will contain the way to display a given resource. This way, the device will access the resource and will adapt it to the screen according to the configuration. The main objective is to give the control of visualization in mobile devices to the end user, not depending on the resource’s developer.

It is an Android installable app that then will expand its functionality through different modules or plugins. This way, any developer will be able to generate a new plugin for the app that allows accessing a new resource, such as webpages, remote desktops, office documents... Thus, any actual or new technology will be adaptable to mobile devices through a new module, which will have a way to read customizable configuration files to display that new resource in the way the user wants. 